c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\KennenStudent.exe.config
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\KennenStudent.exe
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\KennenStudent.pdb
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Nemiro.OAuth.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Nemiro.OAuth.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\ar\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\az\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\be\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\bg\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\cs\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\da\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\de\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\el\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\es\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\et\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\fi\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\fr\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\ga\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\he\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\hi\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\hr\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\hu\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\hy\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\is\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\it\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\ja\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\kk\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\ko\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\lt\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\lv\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\no\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\pl\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\pt\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\ro\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\ru\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\sk\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\sl\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\sq\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\sr\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\sv\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\tg\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\tr\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\uk\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\uz\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\vi\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\zh\Nemiro.OAuth.LoginForms.resources.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Interop.AXVLC.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\AxInterop.AXVLC.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\KennenStudent.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\Interop.AXVLC.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\AxInterop.AXVLC.dll
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\KennenStudent.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\KennenStudent.Form1.resources
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\KennenStudent.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\KennenStudent.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\KennenStudent.exe
c:\users\filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\KennenStudent.pdb
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Vlc.DotNet.Core.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Vlc.DotNet.Core.Interops.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Vlc.DotNet.Forms.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Vlc.DotNet.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Rsft.DataReader.Regex.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\Interop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\AxInterop.ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\obj\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\Interop.WMPLib.dll
C:\Users\Filip\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KennenStudent\KennenStudent\bin\Debug\AxInterop.WMPLib.dll
